I Had managed to fix my blog over the week and it was all working great, with a nice icy blue background. However this lesson, we didn't focus om github, so I won't go into too much detail about that. This lesson, we had out first go on the 'fuzeboxes'. These were wierd wedge-shaped computer keyboards with a few circuit boards visible on the top. We started off by connecting them to the power supplies and to the computer monitor. The basics of this thing were quite new to me - they were like a coding page on the monitor. A bit like those old fashioned computers we see in old films. We [Keenan and I] were given a booklet, thankfully, which explained how to do some basic, and not to mention fun, code. This included 'prinding' words on the page, changing background and word colour and also doing some very low lewel maths. You could tell it to do some basic command, like 'print "hello world"' and then 'repeat' to make the screen show 'hello world' many times when you ran the program. Next, there were delays, so codes like 'wait (1)' or any number which delayed the print command. This made the words appear much slower. Next, you could change the colour of the text and background with 'paper cyan' for example or 'paint lime'. This was very fun to watch. For some basic math we could tell the fuzebox that [in the task example] we had, say, 5 apples. We could say 'apples=5' and the display would say depending on what you told it to print, that you had 5 apples. You could then tell it to print 'if we eat one...' and then 'then we have (apples-1) apples left' which would mean 5-1=4 so it would print 'then we have 4 apples left', which is quite clever actually. It was at this point the lesson ended, and we got up to somewhere in the variables section. I had really enjoyed the fuzeboxes.
