The lesson started off as quite a confusion as on my timetable the lesson was supposed to be drama. So my class and I went to the studio where we spend about half an hour discovering we were in the wrong lesson. We were supposed to have IT. We went to IT but with only 25 minutes to do the given task, I didn't complete it. I alsohad some problems with it. Our task was to delete out old github account and create a new one for this year. My problems started when I could not log into my account. After several attempts I had locked off the entire school from github. I clicked on the "forgot password" option where it should have sent an email to my account. However all I got was a message saying "could not find that email". So, I double checked my email and, yes, it was the correct email. I asked the teacher who referred me to Mr. Keen who explained that if my account couldn't find my email, then I must be able to create a new account with the same email, for the old account did not have that email anymore. I successfully created my new account and everything was working fine, except for the fact that my old account was still up on google. Somehow, it had deleted/unregistered my email... This was very strange, but since it didn't affect my new account I ignored it. So I got to setting up my account with the help of Mr. Keen and got my Jekyll-now. This is when the lesson ended, so I went to lunch. Unfortunately, I had forgotten how to change backgrounds and how to publish blogs, so I will go to IT club on monday and hopefully get help with my blog and background. The lesson had some ups and downs but I still learnt something important: use logic to solve most problems before falling to despair, and to make sense of the situation.
