Welcome back! If you read last week’s blog, you might remember that I was hopeless with my blog and needed the help of Keenan to give a spark of life to my blog? This lesson was the opposite [I know, it seems impossible]. As the blog-catch-up lesson was now the past, we had to do some serious work with the fuzeboxes. As I went to Mr.Keen’s room to get the fuzeboxes, I suddenly felt a bit panicky as I saw people already getting started with the robotic arms. 2 weeks ago we were struggling with the LED lights. But - now I had a better blog. As I sat down Keenan and I started wrestling with the lights again. It didn’t work, so Keenan went to his blog site and made a few minor changes. As I mentioned, this is my moment of triumph. I decided to watch Max and Emu [the pair next to us] do their lights and saw that everything was the same. Frustrated, I sat back down to re-read the booklet with instructions for the fuzeboxes. I obviously had skim-read it before, as the answer jumped out to me. I don’t remember the exact words now, but it said something like “the LED’s have two wires - one longer and one shorter. The longer one must go into the slot further up the board because…”, I don’t remember the rest. I  rearranged the wires in the currently fitted LED and…. Nothing. As a last pathetic attempt I tried switching the green LED for a red one [making sure the wires were in the correct moment] and it worked! I alerted Keenan and we continued writing up the code that allowed us to switch on the light and make them flicker consistently. I probably over exaggerated my amazing solution, but to me, it felt like I had won a small lottery or raffle. Next lesson, we will try to conquer the light detectors and possibly move onto the robotic arms.
