Tragically, I missed last week’s blog due to a human process called ‘forgetting’. Anyhow, this lesson I would have been doing the work on the fuzeboxes which included LED lights and robotic arms, if it were not for the fact that Mr.Cullen allowed us to do some catchup work on our blogs. So, during this lesson Keenan, my fuzebox partner, was trying to find a newer more original solution to his blog, as everyone’s was still the default jekyll-now layout. We set about finding a way to alter our blogs so they look more customised. We looked in the settings place where there was a ‘themes’ button [which didn’t work] and I tried to edit the raw code [which obviously failed], but alas, no result. Until one day, Keenan stumbled across the jekyll wiki page called ‘themes’. This was basically an index of a variety of bloggers, which gave you links to their website and github page. This was fantastic, as like we had forked barryclark at the beginning of the year, we could now fork any amazing layout - for free! Keenan found a theme called ‘plain’, which he immediately customised into his own website - darcski.github.io. Me, with my inferior technical knowledge took a lot longer. I had already found several themes I likes, but even after changing the repository name to my own, I couldn’t get them to work! However, just as I was giving up hope on a cool template called ‘lagom’ [my current theme] Keenan glanced at my screen and simply said: “you need to change the config.yml”. Of course!!! Now, it was obvious, and as soon as i edited the yml my website showed up with the lagom theme! In case you were wondering, Lagom means ‘enough’ or ‘plentiful’ in swedish apparently. So now with my blog finally complete and stylised, I can work on the fuzeboxes. Edgar the Gamer, signing off...
