With more IT club help from Keenan, more tutorials from codeacademy (now up to 14%), and more time spent at home, I had edited my previous script. It was much longer and included a wider variety of things. Now, there were several questions, a 'balance' (money) variable, an option to spend money on products, and an option to top up your balance. Note: you could top up any number you wanted, so it was in no way legitimate. As you can see, I had learnt substantially more about variables and some general maths during that week. 
The lesson started off with another anecdote from Mr.Keen, again from McDonalds. He went up to the counter and asked for 12 chicken mcnuggets. The hopeless robot-person at the counter said that they only did 6, 9, and 15 chicken mcnuggets per box. Mr.Keen then said that yes, he agreed, so he would like 12 nuggets. Obviously the person at the counter wasn't intelligent enough to realise that he could add 6 and 6 to make 12. He asked to see the manager to complain about this poor service, and once again asked for 12 nuggets. The manager (a spotty teenager) said he could sell him 15 and take 3 out.
Shocking. Once again motivating us to learn and persevere and not give up straight away. He showed us a really scary monstrous (maybe not monstrous) code he had written and asked if any of us could do that. He then asked who would give up straight away seeing this. This time, almost everyone put their hand up. He then expained that step by step, anyone could learn how to do this with enough time. Yet another important thing we learnt about was 'the learning/progress chart'.
This was a quickly drawn sketch of a graph with 2 axis; time, and learning. On lesson one, the learning shot straight up as the person learnt many new things. However, they did not spend extra time at home and so the line went down again until the next lesson when the line shot up again. This continued, and the general trend of the learning was still going up, albeit really slowly, and not enough for GCSE's.
The second graph was the same, but instead of doing nothing after the lesson, the person learnt a bit more/reinforced what he already knew. After the lesson, the line stayed the same (did not fall), or even went up sometimes. Now, the general trend was much, much more vertical, and lots of new learning was going on. Then very quickly a third, where someone better/more willing/already knowing had an almost 90 degree line.
Now for the actual coding in the lesson: again very short. A few more minutes exploring print, and introducing the variable, and the input. Then everyone set off to write a tiny piece of code which asked the question, and that was pretty much it.
After the lesson (the exciting part) I learnt even more from Keenan and the internet. I learnt about how lists worked (how to print from a list, how to confirm something is in a list, and how to add something to a list), random number generators (chosing from a list, chosing a random integer between () and (), and chosing a random float between () and (), and remembering known things). I had created a 'magic 8 ball' which chose either yes/no/do it/no way to a yes/no question. The main thing, however, is a long coding program I am very proud of.
Here are the basics of it: You can either log in, or create an account (oooh), and if you get the log in wrong you can create an account. It gives you a confirmation code which is 12321 if registered/logged in, and 12333 if a guest. Then, I found a cls equivalent from google, and cleared everything. It asked for your confirmation code, and then you could buy a product with the 1000 balance you had. You could type in keywords 'jacket', 'trousers' or 'shoes', and spend your virtual money, and if a keyword wasnt detected nothing happened.
Then, you could top up your balance like my previous program, and after that I included my knowledge of number generators to create a lottery/gamble where you can lose or win money. Exciting!
