January is almost over!
This lesson was quite tiring but beneficial, as that Wednesday was my first day back at school since our trip to germany. Enough with that.
Rather than focusing on coding, we learned about 'binary', briefly touching on 'hexadecimal'. One thing I learned right at the start was that computer errors are called 'bugs', because when the really old computer machines were being used, a fly, or bug in america, got into the gears and stopped the computer. The name stuck ever since.
Not much else was new this lesson, since we had done binary and hexadecimal a few months back in maths. Basically, it was a base 2 number system, with only 0s and 1s. Then there were bits, bytes, and nibbles. You could have certain bit programs - you've probably heard the term 'old 8 bit game' or something. Now most computers run in 32 or 64 bit - no more is necessary unless you need something very powerful, like 'deep blue' - a supercomputer. That probably runs on 2048 bit or something.
We also learnt that computers were very bad at decimals, since it could only use even numbers. It could not make 1/3, 1/5 or practically anything else. Then we learnt about hexadecimal, which was like binary except in base 16. Instead of 01 or 0123456789 it went 0123456789abcdef. Hex was used more for programs than actual computers. One example would be the colour picker - all colours would be FF, or white. The colours worked in RGB.
You could have two digits for each colour value of R, G or B. For example, 00ff00 would be green. There were 255 possible colours for each r g or b. In total, LOTS of colours were possible. However with other systems like CMYK even more colours were possible.
So in todays lesson I reminded myself about binary and hex, as well as picking up on colours. 
One other thing I will be doing this week is possible changing my blog from this/previous lagom theme. I've already shortlisted some!
One thing I've noticed is how long binary is. Bonus puzzle:
01000011 01101111 01101110 01100111 01110010 01100001 01110100 01110101 01101100 01100001 01110100 01101001 01101111 01101110 01110011 00100001
