Introducing python with turtle...
Today we focused on a different type of python, which was quite a shock, but there are multiple different types of python, so this was bound to happen.
This was a drawing program. I tried the basic print("hello") but nothing happened. There were two screens for output. One was blank and the other showed my "hello".
So what was this blank screen? Mr Keen explained. First we coded 'import turtle'. Then, an arrow appeared on the screen when the program was run.
Then you could change the avatar, with turtle.shape input. There were a few preset avatars, like 'circle', or 'turtle' himself. You could then program him to draw with turtle.forward and turtle.right or left.
It was like scratch except with the pen down. We could draw squares, or make the turtle do a few movements. But to draw a square he only made four movements. If you wanted it to constantly turn, you had to use an if loop.
Then, Mr Keen told us about the shape drawing code. We defined the function draw_shape, and programmed user input to be the angle and length. For example, to find the angle needed it was 360/number-of-sides. Then we could choose out shape.
After that, we kept it defined as a function but then added a 'while True' and more commands. This made the turtle draw cool patterns. It would draw a, say, pentagon, move a bit, then draw another. You could make awesome symmetrical designs like this.
After the lesson, I played around with it a bit in IT club, and discovered you could change the colour. I'd say it was a fairly productive lesson and I learnt quite a bit.
