Before the christmas holidays, there may have been one lesson on the fuzeboxes that I didn't write about, but there were no new things done; we still didnt get onto the robots. Anyway, today there was similar confusion as to where to go for the lesson as last term. Me and a few others went to drama instead of IT, and were 5 minutes late when we actually got to the right classroom. We hadn't missed much - just joining the google classroom. This term me had Mr.Keen instead of Mr.Cullen. 
The teacher started the lesson by explaining why coding is a great start to a good career - how much you can earn after university, and how your brain develops. The 'McDonalds comparison' was made again. The employees there follow step by step robot instructions and don't use their initiative. For example, someone tried to fill up the straw dispenser by putting a straw one at a time through the front hole. This was funny, and helped us picture that we should want to keep learning and trying, not to end up like that.
Another example by Mr.Keen: he asked us to find out the product of two 7-digit numbers he had written on the board. He told us that in our primary schools, we got rewarded for rembering things. Now, however, we had to use logic. Nobody remembered the answer to, say, 1726489 multiplied by 8274601. We had to break it down into smaller steps to figure it out - like climbing a staircase to a long term goal.
He also told us not to 'help' out peers too much as most of the time, we will be doing it for them. You must have noticed I am saying a lot of non-coding related things, and thats because most of the lesson was talking-learning and not writing-learning. We learnt about a basic function called 'print'. It was similar to the B.A.S.I.C. codign language in that you just had to type in print("whetever"). That's pretty much all the class learnt this lesson, but I didn't stop there. I went to IT club with Keenan and James to learn more python, because I saw a lot of reason to it.
Keenan had done python some time ago, and though he had forgotten quite a bit, he was good at helping (not doing-for) me. Just from that lunchtime, I had leant how to use the 'Input' function, what strings were, how integers and floats worked, and other general basic syntax like variables. I then went home and created my own python code, which asked several questions and was 'overcomplicated'. I forgot to mention the website everyone used for the code was repl.it, and codeacademy for tutorials. This was a great starting introduction to Python, and I will be enjoying it!
