This post will be more brief, as most of the lesson passed as a blur for me. I was learning python with websites like learnpython.org and codeacademy, which had a different agenda from what we do in class. For example, I learned functions, operators, and say, input in that order. In class, we went through 'print', then 'variables', then straight to defining functions.
Because I had not read about the 'def' feature up to that day, I was comnpletely clueless and spend most of the lesson worrying about what on earth all this meant. Basically, you had to sayu 'def (function)' and then next to the function you put a variable. And of course a colon. Then you could call that variable by typing the function followed by the bariable in brackets. Something like that, anyway. When I read it, it was a lot more complicated with switching the data types and lots of other unecessary code.
When we did this, while other people understood, I was overthinking it and worrying way too much/. In the end, I went to IT club expecting help from Keenan, but none came. While he didn't help me with the 'def' (which i ditched) he helped me with a calculator I was struggling with. I already had a 1st imput for the first number, then a 2nd input for the second number, then a 3rd input for the operation.
I had not gotten onto powers, but I wanted something that would priht the first, say, 20 multiples of a chosen number. While I went on to do things like 'print (variable) * 1' 20 times, Keenan told me a super sneaky shortcut to do the same in 3 lines!
I do not remember the exact code, but it used 'for x in (20)' and then printed them all 20 times.
So in the end, I didn't fully learn what I was supposed to, but I still learned something.
