I can't remember how many days February has, so I just said the lesson was in march. Our homework task for this week was simply to create something 'cool' using python turtle, a variation of python we learnt last lesson.
I showed a simple shape drawer that drew 3 shapes at once before turning a bit and making a circle. At the beginning of the lesson we were to leave out computer and walk around to observe other people's work.
I saw a very wide range of artistic (or programming) talent, with outputs ranging from the olymic rings, to a fascinating cirlce pattern, to a name spelt out.
Just from that 3 minute activity, I learnt some new functions. Firstly, turtle.up() lifted the pen, which was very useful, and likewise turtle.down() made it draw again. 
Then the last one was black.pensize(100), and you would change 'black' to the colour, and '100' to the size. I think the activity was very succesful, and it certainly helped me see what others are doing.
The rest of the lesson, was creating a different kind of loop, and shortening them from very long instructions to a few lines of code. For drawing 3 triangles, then 4 squares, then 5 pentagons etc. instead of giving the specific turtle instructions, you could draw 1 shape, then loop it but the sides and number of shapes had a +1 increase.
Then, we looked at more loops, and one included the function itself inside the function when defining it. Hmm. Mostly I was just playing around with turtle, but I can't say this lesson was less productive than others.
